let's go mom your bags are in the cab
the me just running the baby's sleeping
like a baby
grandma's really good oh boy does
grandma got a goat no Danny
Danny I don't have to go back home mom
this isn't how we rehearsed this last
night let's take a little walk okay now
you know as well as I do that mom look
it's time to go home you've been taking
care of us ever since Pamela died I
don't know how we would have made it
through the past three months without
you but dad needs you too you remember
dad don't you your husband kind of
balding in glasses and wears his boxer
shorts up around his neck mom I've got
everything under control
help is moving in today well if you need
me I'm on the next plane let's beg your
mom okay my mom Oh
goodbye sweetheart
goodbye grandma hi fine okay
are we gonna have fun or what hey let's
see some smiles everything is gonna work
out super great you're Kil'jaeden in my
best friend Joey is moving in and you
know what that means that you two are
gonna get to be roommates isn't that
exciting
I don't wear our DJ's clothes do I have
to share my room with her honey it's
gonna be just like having a slumber
party
yeah with only one guest who never
leaves Hey look a lot Uncle Jesse
Oh DJ are you doing a tooth come in yet
yeah it's okay one Lester brush Jen oh
you missed breakfast where you been man
I'm sorry
last night after my gig at the smash
Club I go for a cruise on my Harley
right next thing I know I'm in Reno
it was dark who would have known dan I
happen to wander into the show razzle
dazzle 87 much better than razzle dazzle
86 by the way and I see this incredible
showgirl Vanessa right our eyes meet my
boom this lightning pool of passion
shoots across a casino
turns out Vanessa's on her way to the
Philippines she's do a Bob Hope special
and is dying for one last night a good
old American food food
she's hungry right oh yeah she was
starving only we never got a chance to
eat because she had her fellowship Uncle
Jesse let's play ballerina Uncle Jesse
doesn't want to play ballerina
yes he does no he doesn't
he no he doesn't how do you play
ballerina dance okay that was fun fun
catch me Jeffie toes right you need
practice we'll do this every day
hi Joey okay Oh Joey buddy this is the
best you're moving in thanks Danny
this works out so perfect I move into a
place with a washing machine on the
exact day I run out of clean clothes
Jessie long time no see now be honest
did you ever think we'd end up being
roommates not once I love this guy
yeah there's no way all my stuff will
fit into a room this tiny Joey this is
not a tiny room this is a large alcove
in fact this is a large alcove that
you're living in for free no now that I
take a close look at it it's enormous we
are gonna have so much fun aren't we
kids Hut good good good good good good
good